docs: expand the documentation for the implicit juju-info relation (#22373)
juju/juju: docs/reference/relation.md

A subordinate charm is by definition a charm deployed on the same machine as the principal charm it is intended to accompany. When you deploy a subordinate charm, it appears in your Juju model as an application with no unit. The subordinate relation helps the subordinate application acquire a unit. The subordinate application then scales automatically when the principal application does, by virtue of this relation.

(the-implicit-juju-info-relation-endpoint)=
##### The implicit `juju-info` relation endpoint

Every application in a model implicitly provides an extra endpoint named `juju-info`, with role `provides`, interface `juju-info`, and global scope. The endpoint is supplied by Juju itself: it does not need to be (and cannot be) declared in the charm's `metadata.yaml` / `charmcraft.yaml`, and it does not appear in `juju info <charm>` or on the charm's Charmhub page. It is supported on every kind of charm, but is only useful for {ref}`machine charms <machine-charm>`, since it exists to allow {ref}`subordinate charms <subordinate-charm>` to attach to a principal that does not otherwise expose a suitable interface.

> The `juju-info` endpoint is intended to be consumed by a {ref}`subordinate charm <subordinate-charm>` whose `metadata.yaml` / `charmcraft.yaml` declares an explicit `requires` endpoint with interface `juju-info` (typically with name `juju-info` and `scope: container`). The container scope is what causes the subordinate's unit to be co-located on the same machine as the principal's unit. This is the standard mechanism used by general-purpose machine subordinates that need to ride along on every machine of a principal but do not have any application-specific data to exchange -- for example, monitoring, logging, or system-administration agents such as [`ntp`](https://charmhub.io/ntp), [`telegraf`](https://charmhub.io/telegraf), [`nrpe`](https://charmhub.io/nrpe), and [`canonical-livepatch`](https://charmhub.io/canonical-livepatch).

Reviewer: Very minor - I might split the paragraph (plus a tweak). My thinking is, the point about no application-specific data could be more easily lost inside quite a large paragraph.

```suggestion
The `juju-info` endpoint is intended to be consumed by a {ref}`subordinate charm <subordinate-charm>` whose `metadata.yaml` / `charmcraft.yaml` declares an explicit `requires` endpoint with interface `juju-info` (typically with name `juju-info` and `scope: container`). The container scope is what causes the subordinate's unit to be co-located on the same machine as the principal's unit.

The `juju-info` endpoint is the standard mechanism used by general-purpose machine subordinates that need to ride along on every machine of a principal but do not have any application-specific data to exchange. For example, monitoring, logging, or system-administration agents such as [`ntp`](https://charmhub.io/ntp), [`telegraf`](https://charmhub.io/telegraf), [`nrpe`](https://charmhub.io/nrpe), and [`canonical-livepatch`](https://charmhub.io/canonical-livepatch).
```

A **non-cross-model** relation is a {ref}`non-subordinate <non-subordinate-relation>` relation where the applications are on  the same model.

> (implicit-juju-info-relation)=

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(the-implicit-juju-info-relation-endpoint)=
```

Our current standard for anchors is to make them identical to the title.

> ## The implicit `juju-info` relation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The implicit `juju-info` relation endpoint
```

### Who uses it

The `juju-info` endpoint is intended to be consumed by a {ref}`subordinate charm <subordinate-charm>` whose `metadata.yaml` / `charmcraft.yaml` declares an explicit `requires` endpoint with interface `juju-info` (typically with name `juju-info` and `scope: container`). The container scope is what causes the subordinate's unit to be co-located on the same machine as the principal's unit.

This is the standard mechanism used by general-purpose machine subordinates that need to ride along on every machine of a principal but do not have any application-specific data to exchange -- for example, monitoring, logging, or system-administration agents such as [`ntp`](https://charmhub.io/ntp), [`telegraf`](https://charmhub.io/telegraf), [`nrpe`](https://charmhub.io/nrpe), and [`canonical-livepatch`](https://charmhub.io/canonical-livepatch).

> A subordinate is free to call its own `requires` endpoint anything (e.g., `info`, `general-info`); it just needs to use interface `juju-info`. By convention it is also called `juju-info`.

Reviewer 2: > By convention it is also called `juju-info`.

What does "it" refer to here?

Author: Is this better?

```suggestion
The convention is for a subordinate to name its own `requires` endpoint `juju-info`, but any name can be used (for example: `info`, `general-info`); it just needs to use interface `juju-info`.
```

### How to use it

You integrate against the implicit endpoint the same way as any other endpoint:

```text
juju integrate <subordinate> <principal>
```

If the subordinate also has explicit endpoints whose interfaces match endpoints on the principal, those explicit endpoints take precedence over the implicit `juju-info` one when Juju resolves the relation. To force the implicit endpoint, name it explicitly on either side:

```text
juju integrate <subordinate>:<requires-endpoint> <principal>:juju-info
```

### Behaviour

> 

Reviewer 2: Who is this relevant for? (We don't necessarily have to say it here but it's something I'd like to understand.)

Reviewer: I'd drop the "Endpoint resolution" bullet - it's already essentially implied by the "How to use it" section.

The other two bullets might be best in the Ops docs instead. We already talk about subordinate relations in https://documentation.ubuntu.com/ops/latest/howto/manage-relations/. The bullets could go there now or later as part of https://github.com/canonical/operator/issues/2460.
